= Contents =
    - [[#Africa|Africa]]
    - [[#Geography and Regions|Geography and Regions]]
        - [[#Geography and Regions#The Sahel|The Sahel]]
    - [[#Nubia and Kush|Nubia and Kush]]
        - [[#Nubia and Kush#Kush|Kush]]
            - [[#Nubia and Kush#Kush#Cities and Trade|Cities and Trade]]
    - [[#Axum|Axum]]
        - [[#Axum#Religion|Religion]]
        - [[#Axum#Church of St. Mary of Zion|Church of St. Mary of Zion]]
    - [[#Bantu Migrations|Bantu Migrations]]
        - [[#Bantu Migrations#South of Sahara|South of Sahara]]
        - [[#Bantu Migrations#Migrations|Migrations]]
        - [[#Bantu Migrations#Village Life|Village Life]]
        - [[#Bantu Migrations#Influences|Influences]]
    - [[#Kingdoms in West Africa|Kingdoms in West Africa]]
        - [[#Kingdoms in West Africa#Ghana|Ghana]]
        - [[#Kingdoms in West Africa#Mali|Mali]]
    - [[#African Trading Cities|African Trading Cities]]
        - [[#African Trading Cities#East Africa|East Africa]]
        - [[#African Trading Cities#Bantu Kingdoms|Bantu Kingdoms]]
        - [[#African Trading Cities#Zimbabwe|Zimbabwe]]

= Africa =
Most of history is passed *orally*.

= Geography and Regions =
- 3 Times larger than U.S.

*5* *Regions*:

1. North
2. South
3. East
4. West
5. Center

== The Sahel ==
Great Plateau (40% of land) underneath *Sahara*
--> *Great Rift Valley (East)*

Mountains:
- *Kenya*
- *Kilimanjaro*: Highest mountain --> 19,340 ft

--> *Coastal Plain (West)*

Rivers:
*Niger and Zaire*

= Nubia and Kush =
3000 B.C. --> *Sudan*

- Mastered *bow and arrow*

Similar to Egypt:
1. Jewelry
2. Gold
3. Pottery
4. Boats
5. Utensils

Became *Kush in 2000 B.C.*

== Kush ==
Ruled by Egyptians for *500* years

--> Gained Independence through trade in *1000* B.C.

King Piankhi (*724 B.C*) --> Defeated Egyptians.

=== Cities and Trade ===
- *Napata* (Capital)
- *Meroe*

Both are directly in trade routes

----
671 B.C Assyrians defeated Kushites with Iron

Forced to move to Upper Nile (*Meroe*).

- Learnt Iron
- Traded Iron and Ebony

Later (*521* B.C.) Axum would invade from Red Sea.

= Axum =
In *200* B.C
- Greece
- Rome
- Persia
- India

Sent things to *Adulis (Capital)*

Axum's main trade was *IVORY*

== Religion ==
2 Syrians shipwrecked --> Converted King Ezana.

*330 A.D. --> Christianity is official*

== Church of St. Mary of Zion ==

- Contains tablet of *Moses*
- Brought by Menelik 1

Menelik said he was son of *Solomon and Sheba*
- Also founded Axum

----
= Bantu Migrations =
It was caused by:

== South of Sahara ==
The Western *NOK 700-200 B.C* --> Niger and Benue River.

- Terra-Cottta, baked clay.
- Iron hoes
- Ax-heads

Farmers used iron tools --> *Land Scarce*

== Migrations ==
Small groups began to migrate from *West --> Somewhere else*

*Bantu*:: Family of Languages that share elements.

They settled in
- Niger --> *Nomads*
- Rainforest
- Highlands --> *Cattle*
- Eastern Coastal Plains --> *Bananas and yams*

== Village Life ==
Divided into 100s of ethnic groups.

1000 A.D --> Closely knit communities

Matrilineal Society:: Descendants traced through the mother

- When marrying --> Have tradition that husband family gave *iron tools, goats, or cloth*

Jobs are preset --> Age Sets stayed

Religion:: One god. Rewarded with abundant harvest *and children*

== Influences ==
North --> *Arab World*
South --> *Persian, Indian, European*

= Kingdoms in West Africa =
- Mined Gold
- Islam --> Monotheism

== Ghana ==
*300 --> 1200 A.D*
Had access to *_gold and salt mines_*

Ghana:: "The King"

- Ghanaian gold was traded for Saharian salt.
- Had *2-way trade* between the North

Peaked at 800-900 A.D.

Were attacked by the *_Almoravids_* 1000 A.D.

*_IMPORTANT: IT IS LOCATED ON THE WEST_*

== Mali ==
Broke from Ghana

Mali:: *Where king resides*

*Sundiata* *Keita* --> King *1235 A.D.*
- Got back old Ghanaian territory
- Restored trade
- Planted:
    - Rice
    - Sorghum
    - Yams
    - Beans
    - Onions

Greatest King: *Mansa Musa 1312-1332*
- Protected caravans
- Introduced Islam
- Went to *Makkah 1324*:
    - 12,000 Slaves in silk with Gold
    - Took *Spain Architect*
    - Built mosques in *Timbuktu*
- Encouraged arts and education

= African Trading Cities =
- South
- East
- Center

All of these:
- mined copper and Iron.
- Adopted Islam
- Traded Porcelain and Silk

== East Africa ==
*500 A.D.*
- Traded with *Asia* using _dhows_:
    - *Dangerous monsoons*
    - Ivory, gold, iron, rhino horn

*900 A.D*
- Arab and Persians *settled and controlled trade*

*1200 A.D* -- Small coastal cities became thriving ones
- _Kilwa_:
    - *Monopoly* from _gold trade_
- _Malindi_
- _Mombasa_
- _Sofala_:
    - *Mozambique*

The iron mined from *last 3*

- *Zanzibar* also import island for trade.

*1300 A.D.* -- Blending of Cultures
- Africans are being *converted* to Islams
- Spoke *Swahili*:
    - Persian + Arabic
    - Started using *Arabic to record*
- Woman are usually *leaders*

== Bantu Kingdoms ==
Inland Kingdoms --> *Copper, Gold*
- *900* A.D. --> Contacted with East Africa

== Zimbabwe ==
The people of *Karanga* --> Zambezi and Limpopo river
- Built *300 stone wall fortresses* _*1000 to 1500 A.D.*_

Great Zimbabwe:: _"Stone House"_


