= Contents =
    - [[#Author: Robert MacNeil|Author: Robert MacNeil]]
    - [[#Background|Background]]
    - [[#Vocab|Vocab]]
    - [[#Questions|Questions]]

= Author: Robert MacNeil =
- *Television* news journalist.
- 20 years, co-hosted news show that focused on one object

Born:: *1931*

= Background =
1950:: *9%* owned TV
Today:: *98%* owns TV

- Viewers have 200 channels
- 1 hour --> _*25 or 30 mins of ads*_

= Vocab =
Enhances:: To make *better*
Coherence:: *Logical* Connection
Unattainable:: Not able to be achieved for gained
Resolutions:: *Results* of something
Statistical averages:: *normal* behavior
Undergraduates:: Students who don't have degree
Bachelor's degree:: Degree to 4-year study.
Divert:: Distract
Narcotic:: Substance that soothes
Serial kaleidoscopic exposures:: Continuous changing images
Usurps:: Take by force
August:: Honored
Bequeathed:: Handed down
Dominating:: "Commanding most attention"
Aptly:: Correctly and Accurately
Dismissible:: Easily out of someone's mind.


----
Thesis:: Main *idea*
Thesis Statements:: The main idea normally stated at the start of an essay.
Argument:: Disagreement
Proposition-and-support:: Proposition --> *Thesis*
                       :: Support --> *Evidence*

= Questions =
1. He states that television is a distraction to humanity as whole. He says that we could be spending more time doing more productive things. He also states that it has decreased our attention span as a whole.
2. It decreases our attention span. It also shows inefficient communication, not much of the news is affordable. All of these results in us wasting our time.
3. He supports his article with statistics to give an evidence as well as to provide a shocking fact.
4. 
