= Contents =
    - [[#Meeting Notes|Meeting Notes]]
    - [[#Important News|Important News]]
    - [[#Filming|Filming]]
        - [[#Filming#Jason's Script|Jason's Script]]
    - [[#Going through Policy|Going through Policy]]
    - [[#Final Notes|Final Notes]]

= Meeting Notes =
- Meeting with Mr. David to clarify many things

= Important News =
*_LL's Party has resigned_*

To quote: _"Stay humble so we don't get punished by Trinity above."_ Lmaoooo

= Filming =
- Need everyone's *confirmation* --> By 9:00 PM of 5/8/21
- Free *dress clothes (clean shirt w/ black pants)*
- Location: *_Daniel's house_*
- Prepare *school id (print it out or send to Jason)*

*Materials* to bring:
- Table (Daniel)
- Tripod (Daniel)
- Stage (Titus's house)
- The rest of the stuff is in *Daniel's house*

== Jason's Script ==
*66* Scenes (This man deserves an award)

1. Scene 1-9 --> B-Roll, Who team members are
2. Scene 10 --> Daniel and Titus *introduces* people
3. Scene 42 --> 

= Going through Policy =
- Different names for policies

*Listed in order:*
Nexus. Literally.:: Connect with the students: Social Media, Website

DMP:: Students are more involved in decision making process

Student of the Quarter:: Its student of the quarter with division.
One more friend:: Don’t be scared; everybody needs one more friend. With this in mind, project “NEXUS” has implanted the “One More Friend” policy. Here, people will be separated into small groups with people from each grade. We’re sure that through this policy, all of you will have “One More Friend.”

Work Hard, Play Harder:: A lot of events

PTA Career Conferences:: PTA Career Conferences are not your typical “sit down and listen” conferences like we usually have at school. Instead, you are able to walk around and interact with parents who have experience in your future dream jobs!

Spirituality: Spiritual Reality:: Like this thing 

Quarterly Competitions:: Project “NEXUS” has taken athletic competitions to another level. This quarterly competition is going to be one of the fiercest in the history of BCIS and we cannot wait for you to join!

= Final Notes =
- 2-1/2 weeks left
- Thursday --> Finish up everything
- Friday --> Start Campaign
- 30-Second speech and promo-vid next *Saturday (14/5/21)*

