= Meeting =
Time: 14:00-14:40

= Agenda =
- Schedule for upcoming month:
    - September 15-24th: Advertisement for PUBG and Signup
    - September 20th: Popcat Competition
    - September 27th: PUBG Competition 

= Popcat: Parin =
- 500 baht as prize
- September 26 release scores

= Tutoring Help: Titus=
- Build up a platform for connecting students and teacher
- Teacher already offer tutoring classes afterschool:
    - Teachers can advertise classes.
    - Students can be exposed to classes.
- Seniors can also be teachers.

Mr. Mark:
- No need to promote teachers
- Only Juniors and Seniors and get community service hours (no money):
    - Leadership skills.
    - No money and promote clubs
- Integration with teachers as to see which students are struggling.

Basically:
- Academic Club with Student Council.
- Student Council can take in many students and these students can do the tutoring.

= PUBG Competition: Paul =
- Key points:
    - Promote teamwork
    - Promote better connection
- Grade 6-12 can join
- Afterschool
- From Monday-Thursday afterschool - Prize: 1000 baht
- No blood and gore
- Advertisement Post:
    - Rules
    - Signup
    - Leaderboard
- Paul will hold a meeting on 24 SEP about game rules.

= School Bulletin Board: Paul =
= Next Week Activity: Paul = 
- Everyone voted on: Guess the Emoji
- Appropiate music will be played while students are joining zoom to reduce awkwardness
- Students will be separated into 5 groups of 8 students per team color before the event
- There will be 5 zooms with 1 group from each team color. Each zooms will have:
    - 1 group from red team
    - 1 group from green team
    - 1 group from blue team
    - 1 group from yellow team

= Class Reps Long Term Program =
- Since classreps have been inactive, we will remind them to create instagram accounts and have events as listed in last meeting minutes.


