= Contents =
    - [[#Characteristics|Characteristics]]
        - [[#Characteristics#1 Detail-Oriented|1 Detail-Oriented]]
        - [[#Characteristics#2 Social-Person|2 Social-Person]]
        - [[#Characteristics#3 Commitment|3 Commitment]]
    - [[#Apart from Communicating|Apart from Communicating]]
    - [[#Other than Communication|Other than Communication]]

= Characteristics =
List of characteristics of a secretary

== 1 Detail-Oriented ==
A secretary has to be detail oriented, he has to be able to spot problems that may be overlooked or disgarded. The secretary has to be able spot these things to prevent problems that may arise.

== 2 Social-Person ==
Although this may be looked upon as not important, this is very important. A social person will be able to communicate clearly and accurately so that it will be short, understanable, and accurate. The secretary must also be able to get messages transffered. Because the secretary is a social-person he will be able to bring up various suggestions or new ideas that may contradict some people's idea.

== 3 Commitment ==
The last but certainly the least. The secretary must be hard-working and commited to his people: the student body. Commitment to communicate is very important. Part of Nexus's mission statement is to unify the student body. Before we can unify the student body, we ourselves must be unified. Since the secretary is the person to communicate, essentially he is the one that will be unifying the party.

= Apart from Communicating =
- Define communication: First we have to define communication. To be specific I will define communication as external communication because without doing that I would be defining it as all communication. This will directly contradict a core value of Nexus which is to work as a team and be unified. Thus my definition of this question would be, "How could the secretary raise the student body unification without communicating with the administration, but only within Nexus."


- At first glance, there is very little that the secretary can do without communicating since his main job is to communicate. However there are a lot that the secretary can do to improve the school's spirituality. Such as prioritizing workloads of the party. As a secretary, I can prioritize the workloads that will result in the most impact of with the unification. Without the secretary providing a sign on to where to prioritize the workloads of the party, the party may go ahead and try to implement ideas that are controversial result in a divide in the student body.


= Other than Communication=
- Define communication: First we have to define communication. To be specific I will define communication as external communication because without doing that I would be defining it as all communication. This will directly contradict a core value of Nexus which is to work as a team and be unified. Thus my definition of this question would be, "How could the secretary raise the student body unification without communicating with the administration, but only within Nexus."
