= Contents =
    - [[#Author: Eric A. Kimmel|Author: Eric A. Kimmel]]
    - [[#Background|Background]]
    - [[#Vocabulary|Vocabulary]]
    - [[#Summary|Summary]]
    - [[#Answers|Answers]]

= Author: Eric A. Kimmel =

- Born 1946, New York
- Listened to his Grandma's childhood -- *Eastern Europe*

= Background =
- Folk Tale (Changes slightly as passed down)
	- The Oxcart is a *Cautionary Folktale* 

Story takes place in Japan with strict rules for different levels of *social status*.

= Vocabulary =

Assurred:: Certain

Unforseen:: Unknown and sudden

Stricken:: Suddenly affected

Outskirts:: Away from something

Direct Characterization:: Narrator *states* character quality

Indirect Characterization:: Narrator *doesn't states* the character quality

Shrine:: Box for important things

Samuria:: Japanese elite soldiers

Lady-in-waiting:: A noblewoman who was a servant to another powerful woman (queen).

Escort:: Travelling to give protection

Plague:: Infectious deadly disease

= Summary =
1. Three Samurai want to go to an event.
2. They decided to ride on an Oxcart
3. The Oxcart was not comfortable and they threw up before they reached the event.
4. None of them touched the Oxcart again.

= Answers =
1. Walking to the City, Riding a Horse, and Going the Oxcart.
2. The towns were small and local, almost everyone in the town knew each other.
3. I think that it's very funny. A samurai is supposed to be *tough, and unbreakable*. These Samurai fought countless of soliders, sometimes with bare hands, yet they succumb to an Oxcart.
4. All of them were willing to _cut corners_ to do something.
5. If they had been discovered, they would've been stripped of their samurai status and faced servere punishment. However, this time the samurai received sickness from the road bumps as their punishment.
6. It taught them that they shouldn't try to cut corners and break rules.
