= Contents =
    - [[#Author: Robert MacNeil|Author: Robert MacNeil]]
    - [[#Background|Background]]
    - [[#Vocab|Vocab]]
    - [[#Questions|Questions]]

= Author: Robert MacNeil =
- *Television* news journalist.
- 20 years, co-hosted news show that focused on one object

Born:: *1931*

= Background =
1950:: *9%* owned TV
Today:: *98%* owns TV

- Viewers have 200 channels
- 1 hour --> _*15 or 20 mins of ads*_

= Vocab =
Enhances:: To make *better*
Coherence:: *Logical* Connection
Unattainable:: Not able to be achieved for gained
Resolutions:: *Results* of something
Statistical averages:: *normal* behavior
Undergraduates:: Students who don't have degree
Bachelor's degree:: Degree to 4-year study.
Divert:: Distract
Narcotic:: Substance that soothes
Serial kaleidoscopic exposures:: Continuous changing images
Usurps:: Take by force
August:: Honored
Bequeathed:: Handed down
Dominating:: "Commanding most attention"
Aptly:: Correctly and Accurately
Dismissible:: Easily out of someone's mind.


----
Thesis:: Main *idea*
Thesis Statements:: The main idea normally stated at the start of an essay.
Argument:: Disagreement
Proposition-and-support:: Proposition --> *Thesis*
                       :: Support --> *Evidence*

= Questions =
1. He states that television is a distraction to humanity as whole. He says that we could be spending more time doing more productive things. He also states that it has decreased our attention span as a whole.
2. It decreases our attention span. It also shows inefficient communication, not much of the news is affordable. All of these results in us wasting our time.
3. He supports his article with statistics to give an evidence as well as to provide a shocking fact.
4. His main proposition was that television discourages concentration, which the reason he chose that was because he wanted to encourage the reader to read more.
5. Yes, he starts off with his main idea, then he goes of into supporting that idea.
6. I would agree with MacNeil, television is very dangerous. However, with every single dangerous technology, it's original purpose was to help people. So, I would counteract his argument by saying that, television is only dangerous if you use it incorrectly. To use it correctly you have to learn how not to waste you time on television.
