= Contents =
    - [[#Author: Zdenko Slobodnik|Author: Zdenko Slobodnik]]
    - [[#Background|Background]]
    - [[#Vocab|Vocab]]
    - [[#Questions|Questions]]
    - [[#Questions 2|Questions 2]]

= Author: Zdenko Slobodnik =
- Immigrated from *Czechoslovakia* --> *U.S.*

    > Graduated in *2006*

- Certified *Taekwondo Instructor*

= Background =
- Czechoslovakia --> Communist
- Communism had *poor economic conditions*

In *1993 Czechoslovakia split* -->
1. Czech Republic --> _Democratic_
2. Slovakia

= Vocab =
Tone:: Attitude towards subject
Perseverance:: Determination
System:: Rules, punishments, connected to the communist rule
Border guard:: Soldier who prevents people from crossing border.
Glistened:: Shone brightly
Refugee Center:: Temporary place to stay for refugees
Recertification:: To recertify
Indomitable:: Unable to be overcome
Boundless:: Without limits

= Questions =
1. They wanted a better a life for their children; They were tired of living under the communistic government. They didn't want their children to live in a life of poverty and hardship. As his parents said it, they didn't want their children to grow up being "prisoners."
2. At first, the plan was for the author to claim he had an ear infection and had to go to an appointment with his doctor at Austria. They refused to give up because, the dreams of freedom in America was too strong.
3. Originally their plan was to leave via the border, but now they will just hike through the alps instead. The new plan was more insane than the first one. In the original plan, they could travel with comfort in their car and carry a lot of things. However, in the new plan, they would have less comfort and wouldn't be able to afford to carry a lot of things.
4. They faced the problem of poverty in the early days. They had to fight their landlord, and they also had to learn a new language. On top of that, they also had to recertify for their jobs. I think the message that the author is trying to convey is that the perseverance will be worth it in the very end, and also that you must not lose hope as you preserve through all your hardship.
5. It says that he is very hopeful about moving to the United States. They are also eager to reach their dreams any way possible.
6. They made a wise decision, because in the end it was worth it. They became a successful family and had a happy life in the United States.

= Questions 2 =
1. I think his overall tone is appropriate, he was very hopeful about moving to the United States. He paints a picture of hope and perseverance, but he also paints a picture of fear and danger when he was comparing and contrasting.
2. He was celebrating and appreciating his parents' perseverance. He was also reflecting how that perseverance got his whole family into a better place. His overall tone was a joyful one.
3. The first tone was similar to 'light at the end of the tunnel' it was evident in here where the author wrote, "Feeling hopeless they decided to take one last chance, which would be difficult." The second tone was the celebrating tone, "'Perseverance made the difference between success and defeat,' and I am glad it did." This tone was like the tone that someone would have when they are looking back to their hard times and how they finally succeed in the end.
4. To explain and frighten.
